I've been involved in the international construction service for eight years in Congo, in Senegal, and now we're here in the Philippines.
It's such a wonderful, wonderful privilege that Jehovah has given me through the years to learn different skills that I never ever imagined I was able to do.
A construction site is a very happy site.
Once you get there and you're working with your brothers and sisters, it's just happiness and joy.
To be able to see the love they have for Jehovah and the love they have for their assignment, that has been a wonderful thing.
Everywhere you go, you can learn from a culture.
There's like strong points in each culture that you can learn and apply in your own life.
There's been challenges and sacrifices we've made, for example, living behind friends who have become very close.
The congregation is a stronghold. It stabilizes us.
Actually, without the congregation, we couldn't be able to do our assignment.
When we first came to the Philippines, we were feeling kind of low and out of place.
But then the family from our new hall invited us over for a meal after service.
There would be some really good tasty local dishes,
they played music, we sang, that just canceled the homesickness that we were feeling.
We support the local congregation by having a good service routine.
The construction work that we do is the physical work.
So sometimes we can lose the focus.
We're being out in service, being with the Virgin Sisters. It puts you back in focus.
I really love being an international service because I love people.
Working for hours with my Virgin Sisters just makes me very happy.
And at the end of the day, always, always a very good day.